UoPlugIn Version 4 Help File
(c) 1998 by Ashran and Beosil

http://www.uoplugin.mcb.at
uoplugin@mcb.at


Installation

1. Create an empty directory and name it 'UoPlugIn'.
2. Extract all files ( UoPlugIn.exe UoDll.dll Help.txt UoPlugIn.cfg ) to this directory.
Notes:	1)	No files of the UO installation are modified/deleted.
			UoPlugIn will patch your client in memory at runtime.
		2)	You need msvcrt.dll and mfc42.dll to run UoPlugIn.
			Most likely you have them already installed in your system-			directory.

Startup / Shutdown

Always run UoPlugIn first, the UO-client will then be started automatically.
Do NOT quit UoPlugIn while playing UO ! You wont be able to change any options.
Close the UO-client to quit both the UO-client and UoPlugIn.


Common Dialog

Log in with a character and the dialog will be enabled.

Show Hitpoints: 
Whenether this option is enabled and somebody on the screen gets an health update (damaged/heal)
it will show the current hitpoints as %.

Auto Spell Disarm:
When you cast a spell this option will auto disarm you before casting.
(Note: if you have 2 weapons equipped you need to set the delay timer 
on the cofig page.

Autocancel Menu:
This is great if you macro things like tracking. It will echo back a menu cancel and you wont get a 
select window but you will gain skill.

Show Incoming:
Human:
Will show the name of everything that gets loaded with a male or female body.
Animal / Monster:
Everything with a body other than human will be autonamed.
Corpses:
All incoming corpses get named.


Show Deeds:
Instead of a house you will see a deed which replaces the house item.
Only switch it on if you are sure that there is ->NO<- player house near or it 
will cause a crash. when its on there is no problem when a house gets loaded.
(The client cant remove the buildings which are allready displayed)

Fast Loot:
Loot faster than everyone else.
It will search for a bag (if there is no bag for gold) in any opened corpse.
The delay depends on the disarm delay.
IE: if you get a must wait to perform you will have to set a higher delay.
if not you can lower it (play with it.)

Fast Walk:
You can run like there is virtually no lag. (The Client receives a walk okay when it requests it.)

Resnoop on failing:
It will resend the last doubleclick when you get a "you failed to snoop into the cont" sys msg.

Filter Weather:
You wont get rain or snow displays.

Filter Light:
And Jesus said it will be light (or something like this :)
The Client receives a light level change (highest).

Filter Horse Sound:
Thats options filters the damn horse sounds.

Filter Spirit Speak:
Filters spirit speak sounds.

Filter Pack :
Filters pack (drag & drop) sounds.

Filter Bard Sounds:
You wont hear any of thoose anoying bard sounds again.

Arm / Disarm Hotkeys:
If this option is enabled you can arm (page up) and disarm (page down).
Press it twice to arm/disarm booth hands (you must wait between 2 arm/disarm actions)

Last Target Hotkey:
With the delete-key you can target you last target.
If you press the shift-key when you target the target cursor will reapear.

Multi Last Target Hotkey:
When you press the control-key when you target you will repeat the targeting.
Please align the Multi count variable on the arm / config page.
(lets say you enter 50. you will steal 50 items from someone if you use this (random steal))
NOTE: Use this wisely many got banned for using this option and many of the targetable skills 
got fixed so Multitarget doesnt work with them anymore.

Target Self Hotkey:
Use the insert-key to target yourself.

Arm / Config dialog box

Arm / Disarm:
On startup it looks like this. (If you have weapons equipped they would be showed instead of empty)
	  1 box       SET      X  2 box
1.Hand: | empty | |-> set ->| |X empty|
2.Hand: | empty | |-> set ->| |X empty|

1 box : There you will see your current equipped weapon.
SET   : There you can set the current equipped weapon as standart equip weapon
X     : Lock the standart equipped weapon 
2 box : The name of the standart weapon

Clicked:
The clicked field shows you the name of the last item you clicked on.
With this item you could do:
----Equip (You must set a layer. layer 1= right 2= left hand)
----Make Ghost: With make ghost you can ghost a full container. Like a rune collection or other things.
                You can move the bag drag and drop it everywhere (not on the ground). UoPlugIn will 
	 	handle all events which are done with the bag. You cant place items in the ghost cont.
		If you place the container on the ground it will vanish. If you open the real container
		the items in your ghost container will vanish. You must reopen the bag (note then all
		items in the org bag will vanish because the client can only display 1 item with the same id)
		Nobody can steal or see the ghost container. If you use this action the container will be
		moved into your bag (to get all infos) and will make a copy of it. Then you can place the 
		org. container in your bank (or where ever you want; should be near like your bank)
		As i know you cant use keys and other things anymore. But you can use runes!!!
		BTW.: This feature was included in some old releases too but as hidden feature (command line).
----Pick Up: With this you can pick up items on the screen (if the server lets you). So there are no client
	     sided barriers.
----Remove:     Anything that you dont wanna see? Click on it and remove it. (only client sided)
----Unequip: It will unequip the item on the layer X. You must enter a layer. The Clicked item doesnt matter.
    
Multi Count:
Enter a value vor Multi Last Target.

Auto Delay:
The delay between 2 actions (like for autoloot, autodisarm, resnoop)
I have heard that for autoloot is 0 enough (for autodisarm too if you have only 1 weapon equipped)

Flags: Still not implemented :)

Enable Position Tracking:
This is a new feature. Some new/or hidden features will/does using it.
It will display the X-Y-Z coordinates (the Z-Coords only tracked if you get a x-y-z update)
But the X-Y coords are tracked with each step you do.
The display will be updated about every 500 milisecs.

Counting Dialog

Here you can count your rescources. It displays the result during counting.
So if not all bags are digged trough it will display less regs than you have, 
but when the search is finished the update will be correct.


About the hidden commands:
YES there are hidden commands. Only about 5 people know them and I'll kill them 
if they say any word :).
Check the webpage everyday for updates. I'll post some of them. But check it out everyday
so you can use them b4 everyone else and b4 osi is fixing them (they are faster since uop is out *g*)

Please dont send me mails with topics like:
Can you tell me the secret commands?
Can you say me why last doesnt work... etc

Any ideas are welcome (realistic ideas)

Unrealistic ideas:
Casting without regs/mana
Gm command clearance
armageddon hotkey etc.
:)

Fake / Polymorph Dialog

Open Ghost:
Here you can load Ghost files (from anyone on your shard).

Save Ghost:
Save your Ghost Files.

Rename Ghost:
Rename your Ghost Container.
Note: Max 30 chars, everything after a space wont be showed after saveing & reloading.

Make ghost from:
Here you can make a Ghost Container. Click on a container. Uoplugin will move it and after 2 secs Uop will open the container to record the items in the bag.
Please wait with your actions till the bag is open ( then Uop has finished recording the ghost stuff ).

The Tree View Window:
Are you a hardcore roleplayer?
Here you can polymorph into any creature (client sided).
You can make fancy screenshots, roleplay or simply change the boring human outfit.

Bug reports / email / homepage

Any bug-reports ( UoPlugIn related or OSI related :) ) are always welcome.
If you have problems, ideas, opinions, ..., don't hasitate to mail us:

mailto:uoplugin@mcb.at


And check out the official homepage of UoPlugIn:

http://www.uoplugin.mcb.at


